add upgrade instruction in cad (#467)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/docusaurus/docs/create-aptos-dapp/templates/digital-asset.md

3. Run `npm run move:publish`

### Upgrade the Move module

> When you make change to your Move module, there are 2 kinds of changes, compatible and incompatible. You can learn [upgrade policy in details on docs](https://aptos.dev/move/book/package-upgrades/#compatibility-rules). When you make compatible changes, you run `npm run move:upgrade`. When you make incompatible changes, you run `npm run move:publish` to publish to a new address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make changes to your Move module, there are 2 kinds of changes, compatible and incompatible. You can learn [upgrade policy in details on docs](https://aptos.dev/move/book/package-upgrades/#compatibility-rules). When you make compatible changes, you can run `npm run move:upgrade` <TO DO WHAT?>. When you make incompatible changes, you can run `npm run move:publish` to publish to a new address.
```
